1. Define each of the following terms:

a) Data:
   - Raw facts that have not been processed to reveal their meaning.

   - Reference: "Simply put, data are raw facts. Raw data has not yet 
     been processed to reveal its meaning." 
     (Page 2)【12-002-1 Databases.pdf】.

b) Field:
   - A character or a group of characters that have a specific meaning. 
   
     I understand this to be a very specific, individual filter. For 
     example, a field on a person could be eye colour, hair colour, 
     feet size, or height. It is a very limited part of something or it 
     contains 1 point of data.
   
   - Reference: "A field is a character or group of characters that 
     have a specific meaning. It is used to define and store data." 
     (Page 9)【12-002-1 Databases.pdf】.

c) Record:
   - A Record is a logically connected set of one or more fields. This 
     is a collection of fields that can all be used to describe the same 
     thing. Continuing my previous example, I can't identify a person by
     1 data point/field like hair colour, however, if I add more data 
     points/fields like eye colour and height, then I will be able to 
     identify the person.

     All this is to say that a record is a collection of data 
     points/fields.

   - Reference: "A record is a logically connected set of one or more 
     fields that describes a person, place, or thing." 
     (Page 9)【12-002-1 Databases.pdf】.

d) File:
   - A file is a collection of related records. It's a record or 
     records.

   - Reference: "A file is a collection of related records." 
     (Page 9)【12-002-1 Databases.pdf】.

2. What is a DBMS and what are its advantages?

DBMS (Database Management System):
   - A DBMS is a Database Management System. This is a program or set of
      programs to work with the database structure and control access to
      the data stored in the database. This will ensure that the data is
      turned into information and that information is then provided to 
      the relevant users. A DBMS will take data that is stored and then
      turn that data into information.

   - Reference: "A database management system (DBMS) is a collection of 
     programs, which works to manage the database structure and control 
     access to the data stored in the database." 
     (Page 3)【12-002-1 Databases.pdf】.

**Advantages of a DBMS:**
   - The advantages of a DBMS are: 
     
     Improved Data Sharing 
     Better data integration 
     Minimized data inconsistency 
     Improved data access 
     Improved decision-making 
     Increased end-user productivity 
     
     Essentially, all data is provided to the relevant users in a more 
     digestible format. This in turn provides useful insights that will
     drive better decision-making and overall efficiency.

   - Reference: "Tutorial Link (n.d.) lists some of the advantages of a 
     DBMS: Better data sharing, Improved data integration, Minimised 
     data inconsistency, Improved data access, Improved decision-making,
     Increased end-user productivity." 
     (Page 3)【12-002-1 Databases.pdf】.

3. Explain the difference between data and information.

   - Data is raw facts and figures that have not been processed or 
     analyzed. Information is data that has been processed, organized, 
     or structured in a meaningful way.

   - Reference: "Simply put, data are raw facts. Raw data has not 
     yet been processed to reveal its meaning. Information, on the other 
     hand, is the result of processing raw data to reveal its meaning." 
     (Page 2)【12-002-1 Databases.pdf】.

4. What is metadata?

   - Data that provides information about other data.
   
   - Reference: "Databases are shared, integrated computer 
     structures that store a collection of end-user data, the raw facts 
     of interest, metadata, the descriptions of the data characteristics, 
     and relationships that link data variables together." 
     (Page 3)【12-002-1 Databases.pdf】.

5. Given the file below, answer the following questions:

e) How many records does the file contain?
   - 4.

f) How many fields are there per record?
   - 6.
